Hi guys welcome to my first tutorial. I will show you
how to build a 360° helmet cam for your GoPro.
This is what you need:
A wheel with a swivel joint and a screw with two dices
A drill bit of the same size of the screw
Three screws:  two with the same length and one a bit
more long with the same thickness of the GoPro screw ..
Some thickness and some nuts..
A drill bit with the same thickness of the GoPro screw ..
Two GoPro's frames like these..
and a Gopro platelet.
An angular with the same length of the Gopro's platelet ..
We need only a little piece of that, about 5 centimeters.
And a tube, long like you want. This one is an
aluminium  tube 2 meters long and very light .
First of all we have to separate the wheel from the swivel joint..
with a hacksaw or a flexible.
Now we have to take the tube and make a sign in the middle..
and the two extremes where we are going to fix the two GoPro's frame.
Make more attention you can to prevent any kind
of problem during the fastening of the screws.
and now we are going to drill..
Now we have to take the angular to
build the frame of the mount..
mark a little piece of the angular , about
5 centimeters, and going to cut it..
Now we have to make two different holes:
the first one with the drill bit with
the same thickness of the joint's screw..
and the second one in correspondence of the hole of the plate.
Don't do the two holes far from each other..
in this way the main frame will be more solid
Now we can assemble the mainframe:
1 take two thicknesses and put it in the
part of the plate that we don't use,
2 put the angular in the other part of
the plate, in correspondence of the hole
Now we can take the junction and fix it with the angular..
Leave a nut on the screw and if you need also a thickness..
to don't allow the screw to hit the plate.
Now we have only to fix the two gopro
frames and the main frame with the tube!
During the video, I didn't tell you no one objective size because
all depends , apart for the thickness of the screws,
from the material that you buy for build it, like
the lenght of the screws, of the tube, etc
I'm sorry for the subtitles, probably unclear
after the montage you can try it and the effect is similar to this..
I haven't  been a chance yet to
try it in a situation more interesting..
but if you liked the video  "like it" or write a comment.
or subscribe to my channel for other tutorials!
A big greeting and see you at the next video!!! :)